---
title: Manage alerts in Microsoft Intune
ms.custom: na
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: article
ms.assetid: 74dc4ce4-21da-4f40-a07f-3eea34561eee
author: Nbigman
robots: noindex,nofollow
---
# Manage alerts in Microsoft Intune
Use the **Alerts** workspace in the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)] to assess the overall health of devices in your organization and to identify problems.

#### To view active alerts

1.  In the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], do one of the following:

    -   **To display general information about alerts**, including the top three alerts and the total number of active alerts, click **System Overview**. You can click the links in these alerts to drill-down to more detailed information.

    -   **To display summary data for alerts**, click **Alerts &gt; Overview**. On the **Alerts Overview** page, the **Alert Type Summary** area displays a summary of alerts. Critical alerts are displayed first. You can click the links in these alerts to drill-down to more detailed information.

        > [!NOTE]
        > In some cases, an alert type may appear more than one time in the **Alerts Type Summary** list.
        > 
        > For example, the following instances of the Logical Free Disk Space alert type may appear in the list:
        > 
        > -   3 Logical Free Disk Space
        > -   2 Logical Free Disk Space
        > 
        > This behavior occurs when the same alert type is generated for devices that are running different operating systems. In the example, the first instance of the Logical Free Disk Space alert type, 3 Logical Free Disk Space, may have been generated by computers that are running [!INCLUDE[firstref_client_7](../Token/firstref_client_7_md.md)]. The second instance of the Logical Free Disk Space alert type may have been generated by computers that are running [!INCLUDE[firstref_vista](../Token/firstref_vista_md.md)].

    -   **To display all active alerts**, click **Alerts &gt; All Alerts**. The **Alerts** page displays a list of all active alerts with following columns:

        1.  **Name** – The name of the alert type that generated the alert.

        2.  **Source** – A link to the source of the alert. If the display threshold of the alert type is set to **Display All**, then this link displays a single device. If the display threshold of the alert type is set to a value, then this link displays a list of each device that is affected by this alert.

        3.  **Last Updated**– This indicates the time when the alert was last modified. If an alert is closed, the time when the alert was closed is displayed.

        4.  **Severity**– Indicates the severity of alert

## Viewing Notice Board Alerts
Notice board alerts provide important service announcements such as an upcoming service upgrade, maintenance, or outage. Use this procedure to view and manage notice board alerts.

#### To view and manage notice board alerts

1.  In the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], click **System Overview**.

2.  If there are important service announcements, they are displayed in the **Notice Board** area.

3.  If you want to export a notice board alert to a comma separated value (.csv) or HTML file, in the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], click **Alerts &gt; All Alerts &gt; Notices**. Select a notice, click the export list icon, and then follow the instructions.

## Reviewing Intune Statuses
In the **System Overview** workspace, view System Status summaries for Endpoint Protection, Updates, Agent Health, Policy, and Software, to help you identify and prioritize issues that require your immediate attention. A link to the **Service Status** summary is also provided in error messages when the system is interrupted. The **Service Status** summary shows details about the problem at each location and always shows the last time it was updated.

#### To view the status of your subscription

1.  In the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], click **System Overview**.

2.  In the **System Status area**, you can examine the status of the various [!INCLUDE[wit_firstref](../Token/wit_firstref_md.md)] components. Many of the items contain links that let you drill-down for further information. For example, under **Endpoint Protection**, selecting the number of instances will display the **Endpoint Protection** workspace with a list of malware that was detected. Selecting the number of devices will display the **Groups** workspace with a list of devices that were found to have the malware.

## Closing and Reactivating Alerts
[!INCLUDE[wit_nextref](../Token/wit_nextref_md.md)] alerts stay active until one of the following events occurs:

-   The issue that caused the alert to be generated is resolved.

-   The alert is manually closed.

-   5 days pass after the alert was generated. After 45 days the alert expires and is automatically closed.

Alerts that are marked as closed are permanently deleted after 90 days.

#### To manually close an alert

1.  In the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], do one of the following:

    1.  **To close an alert from the Alerts list** – Click **Alerts &gt; All Alerts**. Select an alert and then click **Close Alert**.

    2.  **To close an alert for a specific device** – Click **Groups &gt; All Devices**. Select a device and click **View Properties**. Then, on the **Alerts** tab, select an alert and then click **Close Alert**.

    3.  **To close a notice board alert** – Click **System Overview**. Click the **X** next to the notice board alert.

#### To view and reactivate closed alerts

1.  In the [!INCLUDE[wit_adminconsole](../Token/wit_adminconsole_md.md)], click **Alerts &gt; All Alerts**.

2.  In the **Filters** list, click **Closed**.

    The names and additional information about the alerts appear in the management list pane. Details about the selected alert appear in the preview pane.

3.  To reactivate the selected alert, click **Reactivate Alert**.

## See Also
[Get notified by Microsoft Intune alerts](../Topic/Get_notified_by_Microsoft_Intune_alerts.md)

