---
title: Get started with a paid subscription to Microsoft Intune
ms.custom: na
ms.reviewer: na
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.suite: na
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.assetid: d158503c-1276-422b-ab81-5f66c1cd7e7a
author: Staciebarker
---

# Get started with a paid subscription to Microsoft Intune
Whether you start with a 30-day free trial, or start with a paid subscription, Microsoft Intune provides a quick and easy way for you to manage mobile devices and computers in your organization. This getting started topic leads you through the steps of setting up a cloud-only instance of [!INCLUDE[wit_firstref](../Token/wit_firstref_md.md)].

Getting started with a paid subscription of Intune shares many of the same steps as starting with a [free 30-day trial](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn646983.aspx). However in this topic, you'll also cover some additional areas that most people might not need to address in trial deployments, including:

-   Synchronizing on-premises Active Directory accounts with Intune and Azure Active Directory

-   Domain and DNS service considerations

-   Customizing Intune features for production use

This topic focuses on configuring Intune as a standalone service. If you're currently using Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (ConfigMgr) to manage computers and servers, you can connect Intune with ConfgMgr in a hybrid deployment. This configuration offers several benefits and leverages your existing on-premises infrastructure. See [Manage Mobile Devices with Configuration Manager and Microsoft Intune](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj884158.aspx) for more information about hybrid Intune and ConfigMgr deployments.

NOTE: If you purchase at least 150 licenses for Microsoft Intune in an eligible plan, you can use the "FastTrack Center Benefit," a service where Microsoft specialists work with you to get your environment ready for Intune. See [Microsoft Intune Service Benefit Description](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt228265.aspx).

## Before you begin
Starting with a paid subscription means that you've [completed an Intune trial](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/dn646983.aspx) and that you're ready to deploy Intune and make changes to your existing network infrastructure. This could range from simply adding or updating your internal and external DNS records to connecting your existing Active Directory accounts to Azure Active Directory. Whatever mix of Intune  mobile device management features you leverage, you'll need to  carefully plan how Intune will interact with your existing network components and services. Specifically, you should review:

-   **How you'll manage user identity**:  For most medium-level and enterprise-level organizations, connecting your existing directory services to Intune via Azure Active Directory is the best and most convenient way to manage user identity with Intune. This is especially true if you already use other Microsoft cloud services, such as Office 365 or Exchange Online. Synchronizing your existing user accounts using [Microsoft's AD Connect](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=47594) is a quick and easy way to connect your on-premises Active Directory to Azure Active Directory and configure a single sign-on authentication experience for your users.

-   **How DNS will be impacted**: If you want to use your own domain name instead of the default onmicrosoft.com domain generated by the Intune service, some public DNS record updates will be needed when configuring Azure (or other Microsoft cloud services) to use your custom domain. DNS records are required so that mobile devices can locate the Intune service, as well as making other mobility management services work correctly. You'll need to decide if you want  to manage your DNS records at your DNS host  or have Azure or Office 365 create and manage the DNS records for your domain after you change your DNS records to point to these services.

Ready to get started? You'll need the following when starting your paid subscription to Intune:

-   A device with a Silverlight-enabled web browser that you can use to access the websites where you'll  create Intune user accounts (the **Intune Account Portal**) and where you'll manage devices, groups, and policies  (the **Intune administration console**).

-   A second device with a web browser, which you can use to access the company portal to see how most [!INCLUDE[wit_nextref](../Token/wit_nextref_md.md)] users will enroll and manage their devices, find and install software, and request help from administrators. Instead of using a second device with a web browser, you can use the “privacy mode” setting on the same browser that you use for [!INCLUDE[wit_nextref](../Token/wit_nextref_md.md)] administration (for example: in Internet Explorer, you can click **Tools** &gt; **InPrivate Browsing**).

-   If you have an existing Microsoft Online Services account, you'll need the administrator credentials for that account. If you don’t have such an account, or if you want to use this Intune tenant for evaluation purposes only, you don't need tenant administrator credentials.

-   If you'll manage iOS or Windows Phone devices with Intune, you'll need certificates (or keys) and accounts to retrieve those certificates. Android devices don't need any additional certificates:

    |Platform|Certificate Requirements|More information|
    |------------|----------------------------|--------------------|
    |Windows Phone 8.1 and [!INCLUDE[winphone8_client_1](../Token/winphone8_client_1_md.md)]|No certificate is required for Windows Phone 8.1 users who install the company portal app from the Store. A Symantec certificate is required for Windows Phone 8.0 or to use Intune to deploy the company portal app to Windows Phone 8.1 devices.|This guidance assumes your users get the company portal app from the Store on a Windows Phone 8.1 or later device. For information about Windows Phone 8.0 support, see [Set up Windows Phone management with Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Set-up-Windows-Phone-management-with-Microsoft-Intune.md).|
    |Windows 10, [!INCLUDE[winblue_winrt_2](../Token/winblue_winrt_2_md.md)], [!INCLUDE[win8RT_client_1](../Token/win8RT_client_1_md.md)], or [!INCLUDE[winblue_client_2](../Token/winblue_client_2_md.md)] devices|There are no certificate requirements for enrolling Windows RT and Windows devices.|[Install the Windows PC client with Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Install-the-Windows-PC-client-with-Microsoft-Intune.md).|
    |iOS or Mac OS X|Get an Apple Push Notification service certificate.|Request an Apple Push Notification service certificate from Apple, as described here: [Set up iOS and Mac management with Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Set-up-iOS-and-Mac-management-with-Microsoft-Intune.md).|

## Post-configuration tasks
After you complete the initial configuration steps for an Intune  paid subscription, you should consider enabling additional mobile device management functionality.

-   **Connect Exchange to Intune:** For users with mobile devices  that haven't  enrolled in Intune, you can enable Exchange ActiveSync management using a connector for on-premises Exchange and for Exchange Online in  Microsoft Office 365. The Exchange connector connects you with your Exchange deployment and lets you manage mobile devices through the Intune administration console. To learn more about the Exchange connector, see [Mobile device management with Exchange ActiveSync and Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Mobile-device-management-with-Exchange-ActiveSync-and-Microsoft-Intune.md).

-   **Intune reports:** Microsoft Intune provides alerts and reports that you can use to help monitor devices, as well as software license status and actions that affect devices (such as wiping a device).  To learn more about reporting, see [Monitoring and reports with Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Monitoring-and-reports-with-Microsoft-Intune.md).

-   **Protecting company resources:** After you've configured Intune and enrolled your devices, you'll want to make sure that you're protecting devices against data loss and other threats. To learn more about protecting resources, see [Protect data and devices with Microsoft Intune](../Topic/Protect-data-and-devices-with-Microsoft-Intune.md).
