---
# required metadata

title: Add app configuration policies for managed apps without device enrollment | Microsoft Docs 
titlesuffix: "Azure portal"
description: Learn how to use app configuration policies for managed apps without device enrollment.
keywords:
author: Erikre
ms.author: erikre
manager: dougeby
ms.date: 02/22/2018
ms.topic: article
ms.prod:
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.technology:
ms.assetid: E61C1618-79D0-41A1-B61F-4123FB6672FC

# optional metadata 

#ROBOTS:
#audience:
#ms.devlang:
ms.reviewer: mghadial
ms.suite: ems
#ms.tgt_pltfrm:
ms.custom: intune-azure
---

# Add app configuration policies for managed apps without device enrollment

[!INCLUDE[azure_portal](./includes/azure_portal.md)]

You can use app configuration policies with managed apps that support the Intune App SDK, even on devices that are not enrolled. 

1. Sign into the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com).
2. Choose **All services** > **Intune**. Intune is located in the **Monitoring + Management** section.
3. Choose the **Mobile apps** workload.
4. Choose **App configuration policies** in the **Manage** group, and then choose **Add**.
5. Set the following details:
    - **Name**  
      The name of the profile that will appear in the Azure portal.
    - **Description**  
      The  description of the profile that will appear in the Azure portal.
    - **Device enrollment type**  
      Choose **Manage apps**.
6. Select **Associated app** to choose the app that you are going to configure. Select the app from the list of apps that you have approved and synchronized with Intune.
7. For each configuration setting that the app supports, type the **Name** and **Value**, and choose the ellipsis (**…**).  
    To delete a configuration, choose the ellipsis (**…**) and select **Delete**.  
    
Intune App SDK-enabled apps support configurations in key/value pairs. To learn more about which key-value configurations are supported, consult the documentation for each app. Note that you can use tokens that will be dynamically populated with data generated by the application. For information about Outlook for iOS app configuration policy settings, see [Manage Outlook for iOS app configuration with Microsoft Intune](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/mt813789(v=exchg.150).aspx).

## Configuration values for using tokens

Intune can generate certain tokens and send them to the managed application. For example, if your app configuration can use an email setting, you can add a dynamic email by using a token. Type the name expected by the app in the **Name** field, and then type `\{\{mail\}\}` in the **Value** field.

Intune supports the following token types in the configuration settings:

- \{\{userprincipalname\}\}—for example, **John@contoso.com**
- \{\{mail\}\}—for example, **John@contoso.com**
- \{\{partialupn\}\}—for example, **John**
- \{\{accountid\}\}—for example, **fc0dc142-71d8-4b12-bbea-bae2a8514c81**
- \{\{userid\}\}—for example, **3ec2c00f-b125-4519-acf0-302ac3761822**
- \{\{username\}\}—for example, **John Doe**
- \{\{PrimarySMTPAddress\}\}—for example, **testuser@ad.domain.com** 


> [!Note]  
> The \{\{ and \}\} characters are used by token types only and must not be used for other purposes.

## Next steps

Continue to [assign](apps-deploy.md) and [monitor](apps-monitor.md) the app as usual.
