---
title: Troubleshooting Jamf Pro integration with Microsoft Intune
titleSuffix: Microsoft Intune
description: Suggestions for troubleshooting some of the most common problems when you integrate Jamf Pro for Mac devices, with Microsoft Intune.
keywords:
author: brenduns
ms.author: brenduns
manager: dougeby
ms.date: 09/17/2019
ms.topic: troubleshooting
ms.service: microsoft-intune
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.technology:
ms.assetid: 

# optional metadata

#ROBOTS:
#audience:
#ms.devlang:
ms.reviewer: 
#ms.suite: ems
search.appverid: MET150
#ms.tgt_pltfrm:
ms.custom: intune-azure
ms.collection: M365-identity-device-management
---

# Troubleshoot integration of Jamf Pro with Microsoft Intune

This article helps Intune administrators understand and troubleshoot problems with integration of Jamf Pro for macOS with Intune.

> [!TIP]  
> Much of the information in this article originally appeared in [Troubleshoot problems when you integrate Jamf with Microsoft Intune](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4519171/troubleshoot-problems-when-integrating-jamf-with-microsoft-intune)] on support.microsoft.com.

## Prerequisites

Before you start troubleshooting, collect some basic information to clarify the problem and reduce the time to find a resolution. For example, any time that you encounter a Jamf-Intune integration-related issue, always verify that the prerequisites have all been met. The following requirements must be met for Jamf-Intune integration to function correctly:

- You must use Jamf Pro 10.1.0 or a later version.
- macOS devices must run OS X 10.11 Yosemite or a later version.
- All users must have Microsoft Intune and Microsoft AAD Premium P1 licenses 
- You must have a user account that has Microsoft Intune Integration permissions in the Jamf Pro console.
- You must have a user account that has Global Admin permissions in Azure.
- The latest version of the Microsoft [Company Portal app for macOS](https://aka.ms/macoscompanyportal) must be installed on client devices.


Collect the following information about the problem:
 

## Common problems for devices

The following information can help you identify and resolve common problems for devices after you set up Intune and Jamf Pro integration. 

### Devices are marked as unresponsive in Jamf Pro  
The following are common causes of devices being marked as *Unresponsive* by Jamf Pro:

**Cause**: Any of the following conditions
- Device fails to check in with Jamf Pro.  
  Jamf Pro expects devices to check in every 15 minutes. Devices are marked as unresponsive by Jamf when they fail to check in over a 24-hour period.  

- Device fails to check in with Azure AD.
  With successful registration to Azure AD, macOS devices receive an Azure token. This token refreshes every 12 hours.  

  - When the token refresh fails for 24 hours or more, Jamf Pro marks the device as unresponsive. 

  If the Azure token expires, users are prompted to sign-in to Azure to obtain a new token. A refresh token for Azure access is generated every 7 days.

**Resolution**
After a device is marked as Unresponsive by Jamf Pro, the device user must sign in to Jamf Pro Self Service to correct the non-responsive state.    
  

### Mac devices prompt for keychain sign-in when you open an app   
After you configure Intune and Jamf Pro integration and deploy conditional access policies, users of devices managed with Jamf Pro receive prompts for a password when opening Microsoft Office 365 applications, like Teams, Outlook, and other apps that require Azure AD authentication. 

For example, a prompt similar to the following appears when opening Microsoft Teams:

- `Microsoft Teams wants to sign using key “Microsoft Workplace Join Key” in your keychain.`  
  `To allow this, enter the “login” keychain password.` 

**Cause**: These prompts are generated by Jamf Pro for each applicable app that requires Azure AD registration. 

**Resolution**  
At the prompt, the user must provide their device password to sign-in to Azure AD. Options include:
- **Deny** - Do not sign in and not use the app,
- **Allow** -  A one time sign-in. The next time the app opens, it prompts for sign-in again.
- **Always Allow** - The sign-in credentials are cached for the application. The next time the app opens, it doesn't prompt for sign-in.  

Selecting *Always Allow* for one app only approves that app for future sign-in. Additional apps prompt for authentication until they are also set as *Always Allow*. Cached credentials for one app can't be used by another app.  

<!--  

## Error messages

### Error-message 2

#### Resolution
There are several possible solutions to this issue:

##### Resoution 1

##### Resolution 2


-->

## Next steps
Learn more about [integrating Jamf Pro with Intune](conditional-access-integrate-jamf)